doc(release) Release notes collect 24.04.15 gorgone 24.04.11 (#4690)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 24.04.15

Release date: `September 29, 2025`

> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Broker] Fixed a segfault on Broker that was occuring when Engine stopped or was restarted, when Engine's version was older than 24.04.
> - [Core] Fixed compatibility of engine with older versions of Linux kernel.
> - [Engine] Fixed Engine crash when deleting a host during downtime notification.
> - [Packaging] Fixed package dependency issue with centreon-broker-caching-sha2-password that could block a broker update. 
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Broker] Fixed a segfault on Broker that was occurring when Engine stopped or was restarted, when Engine's version was older than 24.04.
- [Core] Fixed the compatibility of Engine with older versions of the Linux kernel.
- [Engine] Engine no longer crashes when users delete a host during downtime notification.
- [Packaging] Fixed package dependency issue with centreon-broker-caching-sha2-password that could block a broker update. 

</details>
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 24.04.11

Release date: `September 29, 2025`

> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Gorgone] Fixed centreontrapd configuration file permissions when exporting poller configuration.
> - [Gorgone] Raise an error if ETL configuration file don't exist.
> - [MBI] Fixed a bug in MBI where hostname with semicolon will break database insertion.	
> - [MBI] Fixed an issue where ETL would never finish if some service templates were referencing themselfes.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Security fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Gorgone] Added option to make discovery commands less permissive.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Gorgone] Fixed centreontrapd configuration file permissions applied when exporting poller configuration.
- [Gorgone] Gorgone now raises an error if the ETL configuration file doesn't exist.
- [MBI] Fixed a bug in MBI where a hostname with a semicolon broke database insertion.	
- [MBI] Fixed an issue where the ETL would never finish executing if some service templates were referencing themselves.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

- [Gorgone] Added an option to make discovery commands less permissive.

</details>
```
